Although Zhao Ruolan is a woman
But women don't let men
Not only did they win the Olympic championship
Also hit the record in the play
Congratulations
Next, please ask Zhao Ruolan to give a speech
Today is a good day for me.
It is also a day that I will never forget for the rest of my life
Because I won the Olympic championship.
This champion doesn't just belong to me
It also belongs to everyone who has helped me
Without you
There would be no me, Zhao Ruolan, today
The first one I want to thank
It's my dad's batch of parks
They pay for their own meals.
The money from selling the watch collected the entry book for me
Here's 500 bucks.
Give the child mercy
This is my little thought
Take this this is mine this is mine
And my good game
Right?
The second person to thank is the village chief uncle
And uncle
They bullied me and scolded me.
But protect me when it's critical
You have no one to clean you up, do you?
Zhao Ruolai of the broken pheasant
She's not your daughter anymore
What right do you have to bully him?
What right do you have to humiliate him?
We bully him
That's our own business in Zhaojiacun.
What's the matter with you foreign-obsessed bitch?
The last thing I want to thank is my dad
He gave me his best
He also taught me to strive for success
To honor the ancestors
To bring glory to the country
Dad, I didn't let you down.
And I did.
I won the Olympic championship.
Glory to you
Glory to Zhaojiacun
Glory to our country
Dad used to be you who sheltered me from the wind and rain
Now it's my turn to honor you
I want you to be the happiest dad in the world